<h1 class="code-line" data-line-start=0 data-line-end=1 ><a id="README_0"></a>README</h1> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="2" data-line-end="4"><strong>School App:</strong><br> App to handle admission and enrollment process of students for mulitple schools and assigned them to different courses. Student can request to join the batches and SchoolAdmin can approve/reject the request.</p> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="5" data-line-end="8"><strong>Requirements:</strong><br> Ruby 3.2.2<br> Rails 7.0.5</p> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="9" data-line-end="19"><strong>Gems Used:</strong><br> ActiveAdmin - Managing Admin portal<br> Rolify - Managing user roles<br> CanCan - To Manage authorization<br> Devise - Handling Authentication<br> Bootstrap - For Css<br> Rspec - testing<br> shoulda-matchers - testing<br> capaybara - integration testing<br> factory-girl - creating factories of test data</p> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="20" data-line-end="27"><strong>Getting Started:</strong><br> bundle install<br> rake db:migrate<br> rake db:seed – it will create admin user (email: <a href="mailto:admin@example.com">admin@example.com</a>, password: password)<br> rails server<br> <a href="http://localhost:3000/admin">http://localhost:3000/admin</a> – Admin portal<br> <a href="http://localhost:3000/">http://localhost:3000/</a> – Student portal</p> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="28" data-line-end="33"><strong>Admin Functionality:</strong><br> Admin portal is used for creating schools, courses, batches, roles, admin users. Can manage whole portal.<br> SchoolAdmin doesn’t have access to roles, admin users and can update the school. Will be to see schools created by them. Other schools are not visible<br> SchoolAdmin can approve the join request from student by editing the StudentBatches.<br> Filters are avaliable at right side to filter the data.</p> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="34" data-line-end="36"><strong>Student Dashboard:</strong><br> Students are able to see all the batches in which they can enroll by click the join link. It will be in requested state until SchoolAdmin appoves it. Able to see other students info in the batch by clicking on batch name.</p> <p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="37" data-line-end="42"><strong>APIs are avaliable for Student Portal:</strong><br> POST: /api/v1/auth/sign_in<br> GET: /api/v1/batches<br> GET: /api/v1/batch/:id<br> GET: /api/v1/batch/:id/join</p>
